Hello and welcome
not stupid today the recipe for
croque-monsieur have this
away from a fork of a spatula
of a tablespoon of a spoon at
coffee from a meat grill from a bowl like
ingredient we need an egg
4 slices of ham
we are a slice of ham by
croque-monsieur of bread we counted there
two slices of sandwich bread per
croque-monsieur cheese with croque
sir count two slices of
cheese by croque sir we wait
grated milk and gruyere
so for a start we will connect our
grill meat up and we're going
to start after again we will break
the egg and put it directly into the
bowl once we beat the ofs
we will take the milk and the spoon
soup
we will put tablespoon of milk
once we put the two spoons
of milk we will take the Gruyère
grated and put it directly into the
good and once the brière not the
bowl sold typical to beat the whole thing
that with the trench then we put
side the bowl with the preparation of nine
of milk and cheese we will take our
four croque-monsieur bases that we're going
put like these then we go
take mustard and spoon
coffee and on each of the bases we
let's put a teaspoon of
mustard that we will spread like this with
the spoon only for adults
what you can substitute
mustard
with ketchup avoid mayonnaise
when we have been well warned about all
the bases we will take the trains a
slice of cheese that we will put
on each of the bases like this when
we put the cheese on all the bases
we take a slice of ham as
this with clean hands
of course we will fold it like that for
that they come back of course the sandwich bread
when we put the ham on the four
basics we take cheese like those
this and place it on the ham that has
been bent like that when we put the
cheese on ham
we take the other four slices of
bread that is put directly on
cheese and ham like those
press a little bit on bread as
this then we will take our bowl
with the kind of preparation of air and
cheese and with fork
we will take a little bit and
spread it on the bread like this then
we go to our grill and we
let's go put our croque sir
as this cement the best being from them
do two by two on a case by case basis
it all depends on the size of your green
once our croque-monsieur in the
grill meat we will close the grid
if possible without water touching
our preparation and let it cook 10
minutes a quarter of an hour once the
finished cooking
we take the spatula and delicately
like this with the dish to serve us
let's put them
we will put my croque-monsieur
directly in the dish and that's my
good croque sir is ready good appetite
there is soon on this planet